[Hierarchies-react]: add cancellation to getFilteredPaths (#1002)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/plain-yaks-shine.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-hierarchies-react": minor
---

> Added `abortSignal` to `getFilteredPaths` callback used in `UseTree` hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `abortSignal` to `getFilteredPaths` callback used by `UseTree` hook. This allows to cancel ongoing requests when component is unmounted or new request is started.
```
